---
date: 2013-07-21 13:00:17+00:00
layout: post
slug: 2013/07/two-keys-to-rest
title: Two Keys to Rest
---

We have a stretch of the Mississippi between two bridges near where I live on which you can go tubing. Last weekend, some friends invited my wife and I to go with them. Aside from a sunscreen-applying mishap which resulted in my chest looking like it had an encounter with Zorro, it was the most relaxing day I've had in months.
Rest is a necessary, powerful season in our lives. It helps us think clearly, gives us time to process issues we wouldn't otherwise have processed being busy, and lets us enjoy the fullness of relationship with both God and man. I like to think that if you can't just be, you're not resting. Rest is not taking a cognitive break by watching television; it's giving your body, soul, and spirit the refreshing, relational, creative time it needs to be.




In the last year, a worship ministry, marriage, and leadership opportunities have entered my life. I've been intentional to take rest days in this season, but I think I've learned a better way to approach it.






  1. **Rest must involve people** -- If you're doing it alone, it's not going to be in fullness. Of course, some of us need our alone time, but even introverts need people. (Side note: I think a common misconception about introversion is equating it with shyness. Shyness says, "People scare me." Introversion says, "Time alone gives me energy so that I can spend that energy with people.") It's much more fulfilling to build deep, covenantal relationships from a place of rest. If you can't just be with people, it's hard to be intimate.


  2. **Do something you enjoy** -- If it's not life-giving, it's not as restful as it could be. Find what you love, what's relaxing to you, and do it! Schedule it out, block out time. Whatever it is, having something bring life to you is more important than accomplishing the next item on your to-do list.




Tubing down the lazy river with friends wasn't so lazy for me; it brought me life. So, that being said, when are you taking rest, and what fun are you going to have this week to bring you life?
