---

date: 2014-08-18 13:55:50+00:00
layout: post
slug: 2014/08/journey-of-love
title: 3 Reminders for the Journey of Love

---

Love is such a journey.





Marriage is a journey of love.





So is relationship with Jesus.





Friendship, too.





There's lots of journeys of love in life. In fact, life is a journey of love itself.





Love is what makes healthy relationship possible. Love, therefore, is what makes making awesome things that impact the world possible.





It seems love is a hard thing to live in our culture. Sure, we'll extend a compliment, but only to expect one in return. We follow someone on Twitter, hoping they'll follow us back. We will give money in exchange for an item in return.





Truth be told, that's not really love; when strings are attached, it's conditional relationship at best and manipulation at worst.





We all have some of those tendencies. I do for sure. I sometimes do things for myself alone or make the vision I'm casting all about me.





In the midst of the difficulty of giving love, what I find harder is receiving it. Church culture has become self-deprecating. We say, "It wasn't me, it was Jesus" as a humble dodge, but in reality is removes all value for ourselves from the equation. Besides, Jesus would've done it better anyway.





We try so hard to remove ourselves because we think we're so bad we can get in the way of Jesus, that our sin, junk, and struggle has the power to keep Him out of our lives.





Here's an example. Just before writing this, I was trying to spend some time with the Lord, quietly attempting to get in His presence and struggling immensely. I was getting distracted, and literally felt like I was hitting a brick wall. I honestly fell under the assumption that something in the spirit realm or even my own struggle could keep me from God.





HELLO SELF!!!! Have you heard of the CROSS?!?!?! That's where Jesus paid the whole price and died as me while I was still an enemy of God!
He brought me (and you) close while we were still running away from Him, just like any amazing adoptive father would do to his no-longer-orphaned son. He is the one who invited us on the journey of love. He planted Himself in every facet of life so we could discover Him on the way.





In reflecting on this topic, I think there are three things I could do to help remind myself of the journey of love:







  1. **Have Faith** -- Faith is trust in God. That means the burden is not on me for results, but on Him. Doubt and taking on the burden has crushed me time and time again and positioned me to be intense and joyless. I'm slowly learning to trust Him and simply show up believing He'll come through.


  2. **Be Thankful** -- Gratefulness is peppered throughout the Bible. I think because thankfulness helps us keep our eyes on the Kingdom and its King instead of all the junk. This is the one I struggle with most because I can get so caught up in emotion.


  3. **Surround Myself** -- Not only do I need loving friends and family around me, I need to fill my life with people and things that bring life. There's nothing more fulfilling than experiencing the joyful things in life, knowing God has surrounded you with himself, and thanking Him every step of the way.





The journey of love fills everything, but, amazingly, we have been given a choice to intentionally pursue being loved or to let the flame die out.
